Add `target` and remove `fields_under_root` from `parsers` documentation (#31387)
elastic/beats: filebeat/docs/inputs/input-filestream-reader-options.asciidoc

[source,yaml]
----
- ndjson:
    target: ""
    add_error_key: true
    message_key: log
----

> *`target`*:: The name of the new field the parsed key value pairs should go. If you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*`target`*:: The name of the new JSON object that should contain the parsed key value pairs. If you
```

The wording can be improved a bit here.
